# `.travis.yml` ([source](../appskeleton/.travis.yml))

`.travis.yml` tells [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.com) how to build the app.

See the [TravisCI help pages](https://docs.travis-ci.com/).

If you use this skeleton, you should only need to edit the following keys:
- `matrix.include.os.addons.apt.packages`: additional packages required
  (e.g. `qt5-default` for Qt, `libboost-XY-dev` for Boost.XY)
- `matrix.include.os.before_install` for OS X packages
- deployment information. See [Deployment](#deployment).

## Basic configuration

`dist: trusty` is a bit old, but it's the latest Travis CI offers.

We compile with clang because it produces better error messages and is faster.

``` yml
language: cpp
dist: trusty
compiler: clang
```

The build environment variables.
They can also be overridden in the build tool (`ci_console.html` in your local
labstreaminglayer/labstreaminglayer repo) to build with a special configuration.

``` yml
env:
  LSLDIST_URL="https://dl.bintray.com/labstreaminglayer/LSL"
  UBUNTU_DIST="trusty"
  LSL_VERSION="1.12.0"
  - CMakeArgs=""
```

## Build environment setup

On Linux (currently disabled because the Travis images aren't even supported by the distribution any more,
install packages via `apt` and download and extract liblsl.

On OS X, install packages via `brew` and download and extract liblsl.

``` yml
matrix:
  include:
#    - os: linux
#      addons:
#        apt:
#          packages:
#            - qt5-default
#      before_script:
#        - travis_retry wget ${LSLDIST_URL}/liblsl-${LSL_VERSION}-Linux64-${UBUNTU_DIST}.deb
#        - dpkg -x *.deb LSL
#        - export LSL_INSTALL_ROOT=LSL/usr
#        - export CMakeArgs="-DLSL_UNIXFOLDERS=1 ${CMakeArgs}"
    - os: osx
      before_install:
      - brew install qt
      - export CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/usr/local/opt/qt/
      before_script:
      - travis_retry wget ${LSLDIST_URL}/liblsl-${LSL_VERSION}-OSX64.tar.bz2
      - mkdir LSL; tar -xf *.tar.bz2 -C LSL
      - export LSL_INSTALL_ROOT=LSL
```

## `script` section

Steps to build the app, copy the binaries to an "installation" folder and
create `.dmg` packages on OS X and `.deb` packages on Linux.

``` yml
script:
- mkdir -p build/install
- cd build
- cmake --version
- cmake -DLSL_INSTALL_ROOT=${LSL_INSTALL_ROOT} $CMakeArgs ../
- cmake --build . --config Release --target install
- if [[ "$TRAVIS_OS_NAME" == "osx" ]]; then for app in *.app; do ${CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH}/bin/macdeployqt ${app} -dmg; mv "${app%.app}.dmg" "${app%.app}-${LSL_VERSION}-OSX64.dmg}"; done; fi
- if [[ "$TRAVIS_OS_NAME" == "linux" ]]; then cpack; fi
- cd ..
```

## Deployment

- `deploy.username`: your username, even if you commit to the official repository
- `deploy.key.secure`: your *encrypted* API key. See
  [Encryption keys](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/encryption-keys/) for more
  information. This has to done for each reposuitory separately!
- `.bintray.json` for the bintray configuration

``` yml
deploy:
  skip_cleanup: true
  provider: bintray
  user: tstenner
  key:
    secure: "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"
  file: .bintray.json
